- [Instructor] Adding a MySQL data source
is not all that difficult in WildFly.
First, we're going to go to the deployment section,
and click on the plus symbol.
We'll upload our deployment,
going to choose the database driver from our downloads,
click OK, click next, we're going to enable it,
and finish, and close.
Next, we're going to click on the configuration tab,
go to data sources,
and first we're going to click on ExampleDS.
As we can see here, this is an H2 data source.
This pattern, java colon jboss data source,
data source name is important.
Next, we'll click on data sources,
we'll add a data source, going to choose MySQL,
click next, going to change the name to our H plus database.
We're going to call this H plus DS for data source,
put jboss in here, slash data sources,
and then we'll type H plus underscore DS.
Next we're going to select the driver name,
and we have our driver listed here.
Click next.
I'll change the connection URL to include our database name,
I'll change the username,
and we'll click over here
so we can see the password as well.
I'll leave the security domain alone, and we'll click next.
Click test connection, and we have a good connection.
Click next and finish.
Click view data source.